README.md, before:

# Y'ALL MP - Yet Another Language Learning Media Player

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.2.12.

## Web development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Desktop app development

Run this command first and wait for it to stabilize:

```bash
npm run electron:watch:build
```

Then run the second command to automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files:

```bash
npm run electron:watch:run
```

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

MPV integation WIP - video loads and plays from the beginning, audio is working, but the screen is black (so far)

README.md, after:

# Y'ALL MP - Yet Another Language Learning Media Player

This project uses MPV as its video playback engine to provide broad codec support. The MPV binaries are not included in this Git repository.

The project is configured to download the necessary MPV binaries automatically after you install the dependencies.

## Web development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Desktop app development

Run this command first and wait for it to stabilize:

```bash
npm run electron:watch:build
```

Then run the second command to automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files:

```bash
npm run electron:watch:run
```

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
